README.md, before:

[![Build Test](https://github.com/ut-amrl/cs378_starter/actions/workflows/buildTest.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ut-amrl/cs378_starter/actions/workflows/buildTest.yml)
[![Docker Build Test](https://github.com/ut-amrl/cs378_starter/actions/workflows/docker_buildTest.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ut-amrl/cs378_starter/actions/workflows/docker_buildTest.yml)

# cs378_starter

## Using this Repo
You will be using a copy of this repo for all development in the class. This repo provides starter code for the ROS subscriptions, publishers and control loops you will be using. Note that for the purposes of this course, this repository depends upon the `ut_automata` repository found here: https://github.com/ut-amrl/ut_automata. 

Please follow the instructions in the UT AUTOmata [reference manual](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OUp6FGUPEClpTbXKK8XssCad9MBMnHP-/view?usp=sharing) before continuing.

### Duplicate the Repo
1. Make sure you're logged into your GitHub account.
2. Create a new repo with the same name under your GitHub account. Don't initialize that with anything, and **ensure that it is a private repository**.
3. `git clone <this repository url>` (found in the upper right)
4. `cd <cloned_repo>`
5. `git push --mirror <your new repository url>`

### Build the Repo
1. Make sure you are in the home directory of the repository.
2. Make sure you have added the path to the cloned directory in your `~/.profile`.
3. `make -j`

### Optional: Building/Running with Docker
1. Make sure you have Docker installed and set up.
2. Make sure you are in the root directory of the repository.
3. Run `make docker_all` to just compile. You can run `make docker_shell` to get a shell within the Docker container. Inside this shell, you can build with `make -j`, as well as run other utilities such as `roscore` and the `ut_automata` websocket and simulator.

Commit message:

Dockerfile improvement (#4)
* tmux script to run entire stack

* remove -j for mac
add and run tmux script

* generalize tmux to work with install path param

* sanitize variable input, improve checking

* add  docker context variable

* check for context variable

* stop as first argument move path to -d argument

* move 'bash -lc' to ENTRYPOINT

* combine layers, fix entry point for docker_all make target

* fast forward dockerfile to match upstream changes

* remove -j

* updated README for docker changes

README.md, after:

[![Build Test](https://github.com/ut-amrl/cs378_starter/actions/workflows/buildTest.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ut-amrl/cs378_starter/actions/workflows/buildTest.yml)
[![Docker Build Test](https://github.com/ut-amrl/cs378_starter/actions/workflows/docker_buildTest.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ut-amrl/cs378_starter/actions/workflows/docker_buildTest.yml)

# cs378_starter

## Using this Repo
You will be using a copy of this repo for all development in the class. This repo provides starter code for the ROS subscriptions, publishers and control loops you will be using. Note that for the purposes of this course, this repository depends upon the `ut_automata` repository found here: https://github.com/ut-amrl/ut_automata. 

Please follow the instructions in the UT AUTOmata [reference manual](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OUp6FGUPEClpTbXKK8XssCad9MBMnHP-/view?usp=sharing) before continuing.

### Duplicate the Repo
1. Make sure you're logged into your GitHub account.
2. Create a new repo with the same name under your GitHub account. Don't initialize that with anything, and **ensure that it is a private repository**.
3. `git clone <this repository url>` (found in the upper right)
4. `cd <cloned_repo>`
5. `git push --mirror <your new repository url>`

### Build the Repo
1. Make sure you are in the home directory of the repository.
2. Make sure you have added the path to the cloned directory in your `~/.profile`.
3. `make -j`

### Optional: Building/Running with Docker
1. Make sure you have Docker installed and set up.
2. Make sure you are in the root directory of the repository.
3. Run `make docker_all` to just compile. 
4. You can run `make docker_shell` to get a shell within the Docker container. The shell will automatically launch `roscore` and the `ut_automata` websocket and simulator inside of a `tmux` session. Inside the shell, you can compile and run your navigation code and connect using localhost in the web visualization. 

For debugging purposes, you can look at the tmux processes at any time by attaching to the session: `tmux a -t ROS`. For more information about `tmux`, refer to the [tmux documentation](https://tmuxguide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tmux/tmux.html)
5. To shutdown the docker container, run `make docker_stop`
